0. What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    This is a non-word alleged to mean a lung desease caused by inhalation of fine silica dust. It causes inflammation in the lungsman 

1. According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    This function returns resource usage measures.

2. Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16

3. Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate, even though we’re not changing their contents?
    rusage is a large struct. Passing a pointer is more efficient. Passing by reference allows global access to the value outside of the 
    function. Otherwise you might have to create a global variable which is less preferable.

4. Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    main reads words in a file by reading each character until the end of the file. It follows each character until it reaches a NULL character. NULL indicates a new word.
    If a word has non-alpha character, main ignores the non-alpha and sets up for a new word. 

5. Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    Reading each character at a time using fgetc allows to evaluate each character individually. This is probably faster since it finds issues quickly.
    Using fscanf would potentially require a more elaborate process to read inside the string and reject words or result in inaccurate reads.

6. Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
   const allows variables to be shared across programs and there are multiple programs that use them. Specifically, check and load are functions shared
   across speller.c and dictionary.c.

